ac.getCurrentTime(): number
ac.getDaySeconds(): number
ac.getDayOfTheYear(): integer
ac.getTimeMultiplier(): number
ac.getSunDirection(): vec3
ac.getSunDirectionTo(r: vec3)
ac.getMoonDirection(): vec3
ac.getMoonDirectionTo(r: vec3)
ac.getSunAltitude(): number
ac.getTrackCoordinates(): vec2
ac.getInputDate(): integer
ac.getRealTrackHeadingAngle(): number
ac.getTimeZoneOffset(): number
ac.getTimeZoneDstOffset(): number
ac.getTimeZoneBaseOffset(): number
ac.getConditionsSet(): ac.ConditionsSet
ac.getConditionsSetTo(r: ac.ConditionsSet)
ac.getInputWeatherType(): ac.WeatherType
ac.getInputTemperatures(): ac.TemperatureParams
ac.getInputWind(): ac.WindParams
ac.getInputTrackState(): ac.TrackConditions
ac.setConditionsSet(c: ac.ConditionsSet)